Update utility-meter.md (#3652)
bramstroker/homeassistant-powercalc: docs/source/sensor-types/utility-meter.md

```

By default utility meters are created for `daily`, `weekly`, `monthly` cycles.
All valid values are `quarter-hourly`, `hourly`, `daily`, `weekly`, `monthly`, `bimonthly`, `quarterly` and `yearly`. E.g. cycle value bimonthly will reset the counter once in two months.

> You can change this behaviour with the `utility_meter_types` configuration option globally or per sensor or group (his will overraide global settings for this particular sensos or group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change this behaviour with the `utility_meter_types` configuration option globally or per sensor or group (this will override global settings for this particular sensor or group).
```
